Step-by-step guide for self-assisted DGTRAID account opening.
Open our website www.integratedindia.in and click here to open your free DGTRAID account with us.
Enter your PAN details. Enter the OTP. Allow to fetch the KYC documents through Digilocco.
Capture your selfie photo. Draw your signature on screen or upload your web signature.
Enter your PAN details. Enter the personal details.
Confirm the trading preferences. Select the choice of nomination.
Check the details before proceeding with the E-Sign process.
Submit the term insurance preference.
Click sign the document to do the E-Sign process.
Enter the art hard number. Enter the OTP.
Onwarding process successfully.
Thank you for choosing Integrated.